Motivation is what gets you started. Habit/Discipline is what keeps you going.
Whether you think you can or think you cannot, you are right.
Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong.
If I had nine hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first six sharpening my axe.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.
A Smooth Sea Never Made a Skillful Sailor.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Suffering is optional, pain is inevitable.
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." --Albert Einstein
Everybody wants the prize, nobody wants to pay the price.
She left me for a better writer, she left me a better writer.
If a problem can be solved, no need to worry about it; if it can't be solved, what is the use of worrying.
They tried to bury us. They didn't know we were seeds.
Don't waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there is someone better out there waiting for their first.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
"A mistake repeated more than once is a decision." - Paulo Coelho
"No one who can rise before dawn 365 days of the year fails to make his family rich” - A Chinese proverb.
Weak men act to satisfy their needs, stronger men their duties.
"You're gonna be happy", said life, "but first I'll make you strong."
Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and you cry alone.
"Your love makes me strong. Your hate makes me unstoppable." - Cristiano Ronaldo
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"Stock matket is a place where wealth transfers from impatients to patient people." -Warren Buffet
The game is won during the practice, not during the performance.
"The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places." -Ernest Hemingway
You see what you look for.
"And any man who must say 'I am king' is no true king at all." ― George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” — Nelson Mandela
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Obsession beats talent. Consistency beats ability. Constant work beats skill.
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.”
“Pain is the surface against which you polish yourself”
“Process is more important than the output”
"You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, and surely your habits will change your future" -Abdul Kalam
Making something look effortless takes the most effort.
Nothing truly good was ever easy.
The way you do anything is the way you do everything.
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow your progress is, you are still ahead of everyone who is not trying. If your goal does not have a schedule, it is a dream.
If your goal does not have a schedule, it is a dream.
Work to become, not to acquire.
When you are not using your skills, you are losing your skills.
"The biggest mistake is you think you have time" - Buddha
He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey, he who blames himself is halfway there, he who blames no one has arrived.
Difficult times create strong men, strong men create easy times, easy times create weak men, weak men create difficult times.
No matter how isolated you are and how lonely you feel, if you do your work truly and conscientiously, unknown friends will come and seek you. - Carl Jung